Vuex and the name does already give us a hint that it might be kind of similar to redux or flux's
implementations and that kind of is, though it has some differences compared to these approaches,
it's kind of also directly aimed at vuejs and it actually is written by the vuejs team so
it does have some adjustments but the general idea is the same. So vuex, this pattern we're going
to learn in this module has the idea of using a central store where our state is stored and that is
key,
we have one file we could say in our application where we store our state, our application state, that
does not mean that our components can't have their own state.
If you have a property in a component which is only used in this component and only change in this component,
there is no need to put it in the application state but everything which you use in different parts
of your application should go in there. With such a central state, we could access it from one child or
from one component and change it
and then in another component where we want to get our data, we can simply access it to get the data.
So before adding more parts or more components to this picture which are also part of vuex,
let's start with this simple concept of having a central state and let's see how that already improves
existing application.